 BRYCE MCKINLEY
(978) 302-1677, bryce.j.mckinley@gmail.com
Groton, MA
LinkedIn Profile 

skills
Programming: Python, Java, MATLAB, C++, C, Robot-C, Racket, Matlab, JavaScript
Software: SolidWorks, Mathcad, Git, Jira, Robot Operating System (ROS & ROS2), Ubuntu Linux, Gazebo Simulator, RViz, Scene Builder, Qt, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning
Robotics: Actuation, Manipulation, Sensing, Navigation
General: Scrum Workflow, Front-End GUI Development, Embedded Application Development, 3D Printing, Laser Cutting, Networking
education
Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI), Worcester, MA	May 2025
	Bachelor of Science, Dual Major, Robotics Engineering and Computer Science.		GPA 3.69/4.0
internship
MITRE - Emerging Technology Student R&D, McLean VA	Jun. - Aug. 2024
Served as a technical aide in the Mobile Autonomous Systems Experimentation (MASE) Lab as a part of the Emerging Technologies program.
Developed a system health monitoring RViz plugin utilizing C++ and a Qt interface.
Designed exterior and interior indicator lights to be mounted on the DART autonomous vehicle.
academic projects
WPI Sailbot, Worcester, MA	Aug. 2024 - May 2025
Developed and improved features for the WPI Sailbot, a 2-meter autonomous sailboat.
Upgraded control application for simulation and expanded navigation to utilize computer vision.
Helped to implement a new electrical system, replace the wingsail, and introduce motion dampening.
Color Sorting Arm, Worcester, MA	Jan. - Mar. 2024
Using a camera and a checkerboard of known size, implemented HSV image segmentation to isolate and target individual colored balls.
In Matlab, coded a robotic arm, controlled with inverse kinematics calculated through the Denavit-Hartenberg convention, to grab and sort balls.
Autonomous Mapping, Worcester, MA	Oct. - Dec. 2022
Utilizing Python and ROS Noetic mapped an unknown field with LiDAR by identifying frontiers, calculating c-space, and navigating with A*. Utilized Monte Carlo localization in the completed map.
Kiosk Application, Worcester, MA	Mar. - May 2023
Specialized in front-end in a group of ten software engineers designing a prospective informational kiosk application for use at Brigham and Women's Hospital.  
Utilized engineering practices such as Jira, Scrum, and weekly sprints to ensure efficient workflow.
work experience
Lowe’s: Outside Lawn & Garden Sales Associate, Lowell, MA	 May - Aug. 2022
activities and interests
Mechanical Team Lead for Team 1277, FIRST Robotics	2020 - 2021
Competitive Climbing Club, WPI 	2021 - Present
awards and accomplishments
WPI Dean’s List 	2023 - 2024
National Honor Society 	May 2020
BSA Eagle Scout Award	Sept. 2020
